Quantitative Trader
DRW · Singapore, Singapore (On-site)

Apply
 
Save
Save Quantitative Trader  at DRW
Show more options
See recent hiring trends for DRW Holdings, LLC

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Retry Premium for CHF0
People you can reach out to
ETH Zürich logo
ETH Zürich logo
School alumni from ETH Zürich

Show all
About the job
DRW is a diversified trading firm with over 3 decades of experience bringing sophisticated technology and exceptional people together to operate in markets around the world. We value autonomy and the ability to quickly pivot to capture opportunities, so we operate using our own capital and trading at our own risk.

We operate with respect, curiosity and open minds. The people who thrive here share our belief that it’s not just what we do that matters–it's how we do it. DRW is a place of high expectations, integrity, innovation and a willingness to challenge consensus.

Cumberland - a DRW Company is the cryptoasset arm of DRW, established in 2014 after early interest in cryptoassets and their underlying technology. Today, Cumberland is a global leader in cryptoassets, uniquely positioned between the traditional financial markets and the cryptoasset ecosystem. From our offices around the world, we provide 24-hour access to a wide array of cryptoassets while helping the crypto ecosystem grow and evolve in a responsible, sustainable way.

As a Cryptoassets Trader, you will have an opportunity to combine the disciplines of risk management, research and technology to execute cryptoasset trading strategies. You will be tasked with managing counterparty relationships and executing trades. You will work closely with experienced traders, business development teams and quantitative researchers to help identify trading opportunities and manage the cryptoasset portfolio.

What You’ll Do In This Role

Assist with management of OTC trading flow from new and existing counterparties
Execute cryptoasset trades electronically and manually
Assist in managing and optimizing the risk of the cryptoasset portfolio
Work directly with other DRW traders and cryptoasset researchers to gain market knowledge and expertise
Communicate closely with our other offices on varying workflow initiatives and trades
Identify and capture current opportunities
Research and introduce new trading strategies
Work with a variety of internal teams (research, relationship management, operations, etc.) to ensure proper trade flow and settlement
Monitor open positions and execution in our trading systems
Adjust system parameters based on market conditions
Communicate relevant market events to team members
Contribute to all aspects of the trading desk activities including position reconciliation, risk management tasks and post-trade analysis

Requirements

BS, MS, and/or PhD with strong academic results in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Science, Engineering, or Computer Science
Market making experience for crypto currency on exchange or bilaterally
Previous screen trading or trading assistant experience
Strong quantitative and analytical skills
Meticulous attention to details and accuracy in work
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively interact with counterparties and internal stakeholders
Ability to adapt in a fast-paced, collaborative, and results-oriented environment, and thrive under time-sensitive and high-pressure situations
Self-starter with strong proactivity, sets ambitious goals, willingness to drive and own projects, and proactively identifies opportunities for impact

Bonus Points For

Experience with liquidity provisioning on dex
A passion for cryptoassets and the role they play in global markets

Why Join DRW-Cumberland

At DRW-Cumberland, we are committed to creating a workplace that inspires and empowers our employees with impactful responsibilities quickly. You will have the opportunity to be creative and entrepreneurial to solve fascinating problems, capture valuable opportunities, and directly influence the future of the business. Our collaborative environment promotes innovation and continuous learning, making DRW-Cumberland a dynamic place to grow your career.

If you are ready to take on this exciting challenge, apply now and become a part of our forward-thinking team at DRW-Cumberland.

For more information about DRW's processing activities and our use of job applicants' data, please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice.

 California residents, please review the California Privacy Notice for information about certain legal rights at https://drw.com/california-privacy-notice.

Job search faster with Premium

Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more




Khaliunaa and millions of other members use Premium
Retry Premium for CHF0
Get 1 month free. Cancel anytime. 
